# HomeCare

 1.   Project Description
	        The theme we have chosen for this project is Save and Care. We have decided to start an organization that will help orphans in Malaysia. HomeCare  is a non-         profit organization which aims to help the orphans in Malaysia financially and with basic needs such as food, drink, clothing and education. This project that we         are running is important because it supports  Sustainable Goal Development, Goal 1: No Poverty to help those who need it. 

          We have decided to create a platform where everyone in the society is able to help the orphans have a better life. Our websites consist of Home Page, How it         Works, About Us, Donation and Contact Us. We have chosen some types of fonts to complete our websites which are sans-serif , playfair display and open sans. The         website is designed with a simple concept to ensure everyone is satisfied and pleased with our website. The background colour is white and the elements used are         colorized with colours like green, blue, yellow and red .

          For the organization’s website, anyone can search for our website whenever they are interested to know more about the organization. Other than that, people           also can donate or contribute something through our website such as money, clothes and food as well as fill in the details provided . This will help us in               searching suitable necessities to give to orphans throughout Malaysia. Additionally, In order to make it easy for everyone to ask questions , we display the             contact details to give them better user experience.
